# module2_project

For this project, it is my first project that I have been able to create completely on my own. So I wanted to make it into something that would symbolize the beginning of my coding journey. I have had some experiences with coding in the past, but this is the first time that I really wanted to see what I was capable of, and learn where I can improve moving into the future. So I made the website about my own personal growth in software engineering. Something that I can look back on once I have made a lot of progress in my studies.

I started by creating the HTML page, creating the header and banner. Then I moved on to create the articles that talked about the past present and future of what is and will be my coding journey. I included in the footer of the article as well some projects that I have already completed up until now. I also included the date that I last worked on it for people that I share this project with and for myself, so I can look back on the time that has passed since I created this. I then added the images to the page.

I moved on to the CSS portion of the project, starting from top to bottom. It was difficult for me to figure out a color theme, I changed the colors of the page constantly throughout the project. The header proved difficult for me since I had a difficult time understanding how to position elements. However, making mistakes and struggling helps me a lot in the learning process. I began to break things down, and over time gained a much better understanding of how positioning actually works within a webpage. By the time I got to the main content of the page, I had a much easier time figuring out how to display elements. I then moved on to the footer, and copyright portion, and linked my past projects to the article.